[MUSIC]
Hello, and
welcome to the final week of the course.
Your final week will be
something a little different.
This week, we're giving you the
opportunity to apply what you've learned
and demonstrate it in
two final assignments.
>> First, we're going to introduce
you to an interactive simulation.
In this simulation, you'll have a chance
to interact with fictional clients.
You will learn the business
opportunity and challenges they face.
>> This simulation gives you
the opportunity to demonstrate
what you've learned by making
decisions that get you closer or
farther away from a successful outcome.
Your choices in the simulation
determine your path and final results.
Next, we're going to ask you
to complete a course project.
This project will also give you
an opportunity to demonstrate
what you've learned.
>> On the course site we've placed three
business scenarios for the project.
You can select one of these scenarios or
you can choose one from
your own current business.
From your scenarios we're asking you to
find as much information as possible about
the organization or situation and
put together a plan for data analysis.
Your plan should address all the elements
of the data analytics framework and
any other considerations
you think are important.
>> Once you've completed your plan,
you will post it on the course site.
There your peers will review your plan and
give you a score.
We've built a rubric into the course so
that all scoring is consistent and fair.
We're asking each learner to review
three of their peers' plans.
You'll find detailed instructions
within the assignment on the site.
>> We hope you enjoy
this week's activities.
It will give you a chance to show what
you've learned in a way that is engaging
and impactful.
[MUSIC]